================================
IOPro END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
================================

IOPro ("the Software Product") and accompanying documentation is licensed and
not sold. The Software Product is protected by copyright laws and treaties, as
well as laws and treaties related to other forms of intellectual property.
Continuum Analytics, Inc. or its subsidiaries, affiliates, and suppliers
(collectively "Continuum") own intellectual property rights in the Software
Product. The Licensee's ("you" or "your") license to download, use, copy, or
change the Software Product is subject to these rights and to all the terms
and conditions of this End User License Agreement ("Agreement").

Acceptance
==========

YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT BY SELECTING
THE "ACCEPT" OPTION AND DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR BY INSTALLING,
USING, OR COPYING THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. YOU MUST AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE YOU WILL BE ALLOWED TO DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST SELECT
"DECLINE" AND YOU MUST NOT INSTALL, USE, OR COPY THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

Trial Period
============

You have the right to use IOPro on a single computer or group of computers for
30 days with no license.   After 30 days you must purchase an appropriate
license to use the software on one or more machines or stop using the software
and remove it from all of your machines on which you installed the software.

License Grant
=============

This Agreement entitles you to install and use one copy of the Software
Product on as many machines as you will personally use.   The Software Product
is licensed to a particular user.  Only the user to whom the software is
licensed may use the software. You must obtain a license for as many users as
you wish to use the software.    In addition, you may make archival copies of
the Software Product Installer.

Right to Updates
================

This license entitles you to updates to the Software Product for one year from
the time of payment.  The Software Product will continue to function and you
may continue to use The Software Product and any updates you have received for
as long as you would like however you will no longer be able to receive
updates from Continuum unless this License is renewed. Please contact
sales@continuum.io with any questions or concerns.

Restrictions on Transfer
========================

Without first obtaining the express written consent of Continuum, you may not
assign your rights and obligations under this Agreement, or redistribute,
encumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer your rights to
the Software Product.

Restrictions on Use
===================

You may not use, copy, or install the Software Product on any system where
more than one user will be able to use the software unless you have purchased
a license for each user of the system.  You may not decompile,
"reverse-engineer", disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the source
code for the Software Product.

Restrictions on Alteration
==========================

You may not modify the Software Product or create any derivative work of the
Software Product or its accompanying documentation. Derivative works include
but are not limited to translations. You may not alter any files or libraries
in any portion of the Software Product.

Restrictions on Copying
=======================

You may not copy any part of the Software Product except to the extent that
licensed use inherently demands the creation of a temporary copy stored in
computer memory and not permanently affixed on storage medium. You may make
archival copies of the Software Product installer.

Limited Software Product Warranty
=================================

For a period of 60 days from the date of shipment or from the date that you
download the Software Product, as applicable, Continuum warrants that when
properly installed and used under normal conditions, the Software Product will
perform substantially as advertised.

Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
====================================================

UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY AGREED TO IN WRITING BY CONTINUUM, CONTINUUM MAKES
NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR IN LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN THE LIMITED
WARRANTY DOCUMENTS PROVIDED WITH THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

Continuum makes no warranty that the Software Product will meet your
requirements or operate under your specific conditions of use. Continuum makes
no warranty that operation of the Software Product will be secure, error free,
or free from interruption. YOU MUST DETERMINE WHETHER THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT
SUFFICIENTLY MEETS YOUR REQUIREMENTS FOR SECURITY AND UNINTERRUPTABILITY. YOU
BEAR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS INCURRED DUE TO
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT TO MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. CONTINUUM WILL NOT,
UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE LOSS OF DATA ON ANY
COMPUTER OR INFORMATION STORAGE DEVICE.Ã¿ UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL
CONTINUUM, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR
ANY OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS OR LOSS OF
BUSINESS) RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, OR FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE,
INSTALLATION, OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, WHETHER DUE TO A BREACH OF
CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF CONTINUUM OR ANY OTHER
PARTY, EVEN IF CONTINUUM IS ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION LIMITS CONTINUUM'S
ABILITY TO DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THIS DISCLAIMER SHALL BE EFFECTIVE
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED.

Limitation of Remedies and Damages
==================================

Your remedy for a breach of this Agreement or of any warranty included in this
Agreement is the correction or replacement of the Software Product. Selection
of whether to correct or replace shall be solely at the discretion of
Continuum. Continuum reserves the right to substitute a functionally
equivalent copy of the Software Product as a replacement. If Continuum is
unable to provide a replacement or substitute Software Product or corrections
to the Software Product, your sole alternate remedy shall be a refund of the
purchase price for the Software Product exclusive of any costs for shipping
and handling. Any claim must be made within the applicable warranty period.
All warranties cover only defects arising under normal use and do not include
malfunctions or failure resulting from misuse, abuse, neglect, alteration,
problems with electrical power, acts of nature, unusual temperatures or
humidity, improper installation, or damage determined by Continuum  to have
been caused by you. All limited warranties on the Software Product are granted
only to you and are non-transferable. You agree to indemnify and hold
Continuum harmless from all claims, judgments, liabilities, expenses, or costs
arising from your breach of this Agreement and/or acts or omissions.

Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Costs
=====================================

This Agreement is governed by the laws of Texas, without regard to Texas's
conflict or choice of law provisions.

Export Regulations
==================

Any use or distribution of IOPro is made under conditions that the user and/or
distributor is in full compliance with all export and other governing laws of
the United States of America, including full and ongoing compliance with the
Export Administration Regulations (EAR) of the United States Department of
Commerce. See www.commerce.gov/ and
http://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/regulations/export-administration-regulations-ear.
Use or distribution of Continuum software products to any persons, entities or
countries currently under US sanctions is strictly prohibited.   IOPro is
classified with an ECCN of 5D992 with no license required for export to
non-embargoed countires.

The United States currently has embargoes against Cuba, Iran, North Korea,
Sudan and Syria. The exportation, re-exportation, sale or supply, directly or
indirectly, from the United States, or by a U.S. person wherever located, of
any Continuum software to any of these countries is strictly prohibited
without prior authorization by the United States Government  By accepting this
Agreement, you represent to Continuum that you will comply with all applicable
export regulations for IOPro.


Severability
============

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect. To the extent any express or implied restrictions are not permitted by
applicable laws, these express or implied restrictions shall remain in force
and effect to the maximum extent permitted by such applicable laws.
